1. Deal Recap Email Template (Dynamic Population Required)
Use the following email template exactly as written.
 Do not modify wording, tone, or structure.
Populate all variables dynamically using data from the internal Deal Builder.

Subject
Your West Hills Capital Order Confirmation

Email Body
Hi {{customer_first_name}},

I’m glad we were able to get everything squared away today—thank you again for trusting us with your purchase.

Here’s a clear recap for your records:

Order Summary
• Metal Purchased: {{quantity}} x {{product_name}}
• Spot Price at Lock:
   – Gold: ${{gold_spot_price}}
   – Silver: ${{silver_spot_price}}
• Subtotal: ${{subtotal}}
• Shipping: ${{shipping_cost}}
• Total Due: ${{total_due}}

Next Steps
• Your invoice is attached, which includes bank wire instructions
• Payment must be received by the close of business on the next business day ({{next_business_day_date}}) to secure this pricing
• If payment is not received in time, the trade may be cancelled and any market loss may be subject to an offset fee
• If you anticipate any delay, just let me know and we can coordinate
• Once payment is received and cleared, we will secure and ship your metals
• We will monitor the shipment and coordinate delivery with you as it gets close

Shipping Address

Shipping Address Logic (REQUIRED)
IF:
delivery_type === "FedEx Hold"
THEN format EXACTLY as:
FedEx Office / Ship Center Name
FBO {{customer_full_name}}
{{full_location_address}}

Location Hours:
{{fedex_location_hours}}

ELSE:
{{customer_shipping_address}}

Email Closing (DO NOT MODIFY)
You don’t need to worry about a thing from here—we’ll handle the logistics and keep you updated every step of the way.

Once your order ships, I’ll personally follow up with tracking and delivery timing.

If you need anything at all in the meantime, just reach out.

My very best,
Joe

2. Invoice Modifications (MANDATORY)
Use the existing invoice template as the base.
Apply ALL modifications below exactly as specified.

A. Branding
Replace text:

 "West Hills Capital"

 with the official logo image


Logo must be:
Top-left aligned
Only header element (remove duplicate text header if present)

B. Payment Deadline Language
Find and replace:
"Wire must be received in full before metals are released for shipment."
Replace with:
Wire must be received by close of business the following business day ({{next_business_day_date}}) to secure this pricing.

C. Spot Price Placement
Move spot prices from page 2 → page 1
New placement:
Directly under the Invoice Date
Format EXACTLY:
Gold Spot: $X,XXX.XX
Silver Spot: $XX.XX
Remove:
Phrase: “at lock”
Any reference to “lock” in spot pricing

D. Remove Unnecessary Content
Delete completely:
Entire page 3
Any line containing:

 "Locked:"


No references to “Locked” should exist anywhere in the final invoice.

E. Page Count Requirement
Invoice must render as:
ONE SINGLE PAGE ONLY
Adjust:
Margins
Spacing
Section compression
Ensure all content fits:
Header
Bill To
Delivery
Product Table
Totals
Wire Instructions

F. Delivery Section (CRITICAL LOGIC)
Use the SAME logic defined in the email section.
IF:
delivery_type === "FedEx Hold"
THEN:
FedEx Office / Ship Center Name
FBO {{customer_full_name}}
{{full_location_address}}

Hours:
{{fedex_location_hours}}

ELSE:
{{customer_shipping_address}}

3. Status Automation (Operations Tab)
Implement status tracking logic in the Operations tab.

State Transitions
Event
Action
Day 0 (deal created)
Status = "Pending Wire"
Day 1 COB missed
Status = "At Risk"
Day 2 (no payment)
Status = "Cancel Eligible"
Payment received
Status = "Paid"
Dillon Gage order placed
OrderPlaced = true
Tracking number added
Status = "Shipped"


Rules
Status must update automatically based on:
timestamps
payment state
tracking state
No manual override unless explicitly allowed later


4. API Configuration (TESTING MODE)
Switch pricing API from production to staging:
Base URL:
https://stage-connect.fiztrade.com
Private Token:
1466-5007062a40b28b6449fb749a49379f26
Ensure:
Spot prices populate dynamically from API
Product pricing still reflects API + applied margins
No hardcoded pricing values














5. Disclosures Page (MANDATORY)
Create a standalone public page for disclosures.
Route
/disclosures
Purpose
This page is for informational and transparency purposes only.
 It is not the legally binding Terms of Service page.
Page Title
Disclosures & Operating Policies
Requirements
Remove any existing “Terms of Service” section from the disclosures page.
Do not use /disclosures#terms-of-service as the legal terms page.
This page should stand on its own as a disclosures page.
At the bottom, it must link users to the actual Terms of Service page at /terms.
Content
Use the following content exactly, with clean formatting, readable spacing, and section headers.

Disclosures & Operating Policies
1. No Advisory Relationship
West Hills Capital is a dealer in physical precious metals. We are not a registered investment advisor, broker-dealer, financial planner, tax professional, or legal counsel.
Any information, opinions, or materials provided by West Hills Capital are for general informational purposes only and should not be construed as financial, legal, or tax advice. All decisions to purchase or sell precious metals are made solely by the client.
2. Market Risk & Volatility
Precious metals prices fluctuate continuously based on global market conditions, supply and demand, geopolitical events, and currency dynamics.
Purchasing physical metals involves risk, including the potential loss of principal. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Clients should carefully consider their financial situation, objectives, and risk tolerance before making a purchase.
3. Trade Execution & Price Lock
Trades are executed and prices are locked at the time of confirmation.
Because precious metals markets move in real time, all confirmed transactions are considered final and binding. Prices discussed prior to confirmation are indicative only and subject to change.
Failure to complete payment within the required timeframe may result in cancellation of the transaction and responsibility for any market loss incurred in offsetting the position.
4. Payment & Settlement
West Hills Capital operates on a cleared funds required basis.
Payment is due within the timeframe specified at the time of trade confirmation. Orders are not fulfilled until payment has been received and cleared.
West Hills Capital does not extend credit, offer margin, or execute trades based on anticipated or pending funds.
5. IRA Transactions, Custodians & Depositories
For transactions involving Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs), execution is dependent on the processing speed and procedures of the selected custodian and depository.
West Hills Capital facilitates the transaction but does not control:
Custodial processing timelines
Fund transfers
Depository intake procedures
Pricing cannot be locked, and trades cannot be executed, until funds are received and cleared in the appropriate account.
West Hills Capital is not responsible for delays, errors, or market movement that occur during the custodial or depository transfer process.
6. Delivery & Fulfillment
Upon receipt of cleared funds, West Hills Capital secures metals through third-party suppliers and arranges shipment to the designated delivery location.
Shipments are typically fulfilled by established carriers such as FedEx or UPS, are fully insured in transit, and require an adult signature upon delivery.
Delivery timelines provided at the time of purchase are estimates based on current supplier availability and logistics conditions. Delays may occur due to supply chain issues, mint production constraints, or carrier disruptions.
West Hills Capital will monitor shipment progress and assist with coordination but does not control carrier operations.
7. Third-Party Service Providers
West Hills Capital relies on third-party providers to complete transactions, including but not limited to:
Financial institutions (for wire transfers)
Precious metals wholesalers and suppliers
Shipping carriers
Depositories and custodians
Insurance providers associated with shipment or storage
West Hills Capital is not responsible for the actions, delays, errors, or performance of any third party.
8. Buyback Policy
West Hills Capital frequently provides buyback quotes for products we sell; however, we are not obligated to repurchase metals.
All buyback pricing is indicative until metals are physically received, inspected, and verified. Final pricing may vary based on market conditions, product condition, and verification results.
9. Record of Transactions
Trade confirmations, invoices, and written communications provided by West Hills Capital serve as the official record of each transaction.
Clients are responsible for reviewing and retaining these records for their files.
Telephone conversations may be recorded for quality assurance, compliance, and dispute resolution purposes.
10. Privacy & Data Use
West Hills Capital collects only the information necessary to communicate with clients and facilitate transactions, including name, contact information, and transaction details.
Client information is not sold or shared for marketing purposes. Information may be shared with custodians, depositories, or service providers only as necessary to complete authorized transactions.
Reasonable safeguards are used to protect client information; however, no system can guarantee absolute security.
11. Website Use
Information presented on this website, including pricing data and educational content, is provided for informational purposes only and may change without notice.
West Hills Capital does not execute automated transactions through this website. All trades are confirmed directly with a representative.
12. Relationship to Terms of Service
These Disclosures & Operating Policies are provided for informational and transparency purposes and should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Service.
All transactions are governed by the West Hills Capital Terms of Service, available at:
westhillscapital.com/terms

6. Invoice Liability Block (MANDATORY)
Add the approved liability language to the invoice footer area.
Purpose
This is a single approved legal block for the invoice.
 Use it on the invoice only.
 Do not rewrite it in multiple places or create alternate versions.
Placement
Put this near the bottom of the invoice
Keep it compact and professional
It must still allow the invoice to remain one page
Content
Use the following language exactly:

Transaction & Delivery Disclosure
West Hills Capital acts solely as a facilitator in the acquisition and delivery of physical precious metals on behalf of the customer.
Upon receipt of funds, West Hills Capital secures metals through third-party suppliers and arranges shipment via insured carriers to the designated delivery location.
West Hills Capital is not responsible for the actions, delays, errors, or performance of third parties, including but not limited to financial institutions, wholesalers and suppliers, shipping carriers (including FedEx), and insurance providers associated with shipment.
Title and Risk of Loss
Title to and risk of loss for all products transfer in accordance with supplier and carrier terms once the metals are released for shipment.
All shipments are fully insured and require an adult signature upon delivery. West Hills Capital will monitor shipment progress and assist with delivery coordination.
While West Hills Capital will actively support tracking and resolution efforts, it does not assume liability for third-party performance or outcomes beyond its direct control.

Implementation Rules
Use this exact block as the invoice disclosure language
Do not shorten it unless needed only for layout, and only if I approve later
Do not create alternate legal wording elsewhere in the invoice
Keep formatting readable and professional
Preserve the one-page invoice requirement

7. Terms of Service Implementation (MANDATORY)
Implement a separate, formal Terms of Service system across the website and internal deal workflow.
Purpose
This is not just a content page.
 It is a workflow, compliance, and recordkeeping requirement.
The Terms of Service must:
exist as a separate public page
be acknowledged before deal execution
be referenced in transactional materials
be stored on each finalized deal record

A. Create a Separate Public Terms of Service Page
Route
/terms
Rules
This must be a standalone page
It must be separate from /disclosures
Do not use /disclosures#terms-of-service as the Terms page
Footer navigation must point “Terms of Service” to /terms
Footer navigation should also include a separate “Disclosures” link to /disclosures
Page Purpose
This page is the legally binding agreement governing transactions.
Content
Use the full Terms of Service text below exactly as the source content.

West Hills Capital Terms of Service
1. Overview and Role
West Hills Capital (“WHC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) facilitates the acquisition and delivery of physical precious metals on behalf of customers. WHC acts solely as an intermediary between the customer and third-party suppliers and service providers. WHC is not a custodian, carrier, insurer, or financial institution. By placing an order with WHC, you (“Customer”) agree to the terms outlined below.
2. Order Execution and Price Lock
All orders are final, binding, and non-cancelable once confirmed and executed. An order is considered executed when the price is agreed upon and confirmed and WHC assigns an order or invoice number. Once executed, the agreed price is locked and will not change.
3. Payment Terms
Payment must be made via bank wire unless otherwise approved. Payment is due by the close of business on the next business day following order execution to secure pricing. Failure to submit payment within this timeframe may result in cancellation of the transaction and assessment of any market losses, price movements, or costs incurred in offsetting the position. Customer agrees to be financially responsible for any such losses or costs.
4. Order Cancellation and Offset
Executed orders cannot be canceled. If Customer fails to complete payment or otherwise defaults, WHC reserves the right to offset or cancel the order. Customer is responsible for any market losses resulting from price movement, bid/ask spread differences, and any costs incurred by WHC in closing or offsetting the position. All such amounts are due immediately upon notice.
5. Delivery and Fulfillment
Upon receipt of cleared funds, WHC will procure metals through third-party suppliers and arrange shipment to the designated delivery address. All shipments are fully insured, require an adult signature upon delivery, and are fulfilled by third-party carriers such as FedEx or UPS. Delivery timelines are estimates and not guaranteed. Customer may not redirect, reroute, or intercept shipments or modify delivery instructions after order execution without WHC approval. Signature confirmation at delivery constitutes proof of receipt.
6. Title and Risk of Loss
Title to and risk of loss transfer in accordance with supplier and carrier terms once metals are released for shipment. WHC will assist with shipment tracking and delivery coordination but does not assume liability beyond its direct control.
7. Third-Party Services Disclaimer
WHC relies on third-party providers to complete transactions, including but not limited to financial institutions, precious metals wholesalers and suppliers, shipping carriers, and insurance providers associated with shipment. WHC is not responsible for the actions, delays, errors, or performance of any third party.
8. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, WHC shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, loss of profits or investment value, delays in delivery or fulfillment, or acts or omissions of third parties. Customer agrees that WHC’s role is limited to facilitating the transaction and coordinating fulfillment.
9. Market Risk Disclosure
Precious metals prices are volatile and subject to rapid market fluctuations. Customer acknowledges that the value of metals may rise or fall at any time, past performance is not indicative of future results, and all purchase decisions are made at Customer’s own risk.
10. No Investment Advice
WHC does not provide financial, legal, or investment advice. All decisions to purchase or sell precious metals are made solely by the Customer. Customers are encouraged to consult with qualified professionals before making investment decisions.
11. Records and Communications
All order confirmations, invoices, and written communications provided by WHC constitute the official record of the transaction. Customer agrees that such records are accurate and binding.
12. Force Majeure
WHC shall not be liable for delays or failures in performance resulting from events beyond its reasonable control, including market disruptions, supplier or carrier delays, natural disasters, or government actions.
13. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas. Any disputes shall be resolved in the appropriate courts located within the State of Kansas.
14. Acceptance of Terms
By placing an order with WHC, Customer acknowledges and agrees to these Terms of Service in full.
B. Require Terms Acknowledgment in the Internal Deal Execution Flow
Before the internal user can finalize a trade (“Lock & Execute”), require a Terms acknowledgment step.
Checkbox Label
I confirm this trade was executed verbally and that West Hills Capital’s Terms of Service were provided or referenced in the customer’s transaction materials.

Enforcement
The deal cannot be executed unless the checkbox is checked
If unchecked, disable the execution button and show a clear validation message
No bypass allowed

C. Persist Terms Record to the Deal (MANDATORY)
Store the following fields on the finalized deal record:
termsProvided = true
termsProvidedAt = timestamp
termsVersion = "v1.0"
confirmationMethod = "verbal_recorded_call"

Rules
Do not use field names like termsAccepted or termsAcceptedAt
Do not store the Terms URL on the deal record
Save these values at the time the deal is finalized
These fields are part of the permanent transaction record
Do not allow a finalized deal to be saved without all four values present
If any value is missing, show an explicit error and block finalization

D. Reference Terms in Transactional Outputs
Reference /terms in the following places:
1. Invoice Footer
This transaction is subject to West Hills Capital’s Terms of Service available at westhillscapital.com/terms.
2. Deal Recap Email
This transaction is subject to West Hills Capital’s Terms of Service: westhillscapital.com/terms

Rule
Do not make this overly prominent
It should be visible and professional

E. Versioning
Support future Terms versions, such as:
v1.0
v1.1
v2.0
Each finalized deal must store the exact termsVersion in effect at the time of execution.

F. Global Rules (CRITICAL)
Do not allow:
deal execution without Terms acknowledgment
invoice generation without Terms reference
email sending without Terms reference
finalized deals without termsVersion
finalized deals without termsProvided = true

Failure Handling
Show explicit error messages
Do not fail silently

Additional Implementation Note
The internal deal tool is the source of truth.
The Google Sheet Deal Builder is no longer used for execution
A link from the Prospecting Pipeline opens the internal deal tool
Prospecting Pipeline, Deals, and Operations sheets are supporting records only
Build accordingly.
